feat(grid-layout): implemented class generation for grid layouting (#195)
SchwarzIT/onyx: apps/docs/src/development/grid.md

# Grid System

::: warning Work in progress / Active development
This library is currently in early / active development.
:::

> The grid implementation in **onyx** differs from more popular grid system implementation, that you might know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The grid implementation in **onyx** differs from other design systems that you might know.
```

we should not downgrade ourselves by saying we are unpopular^^

Author: I would see it as being humble^^

Instead of having a fixed 12 column grid, we have a dynamic grid with 4, 8, 12, 16 and optionally 20 columns.
The amount of columns differs based on the active breakpoint.
You can find a detailed description of the system in the [design system docs]() (TODO: Add link to grid UX definition).

::: info
The dynamic grid has the following advantages over a fixed column grid:

- Elements in the grid are wrapped on smaller breakpoints per default
- Single Elements keep their approximate size over multiple breakpoints per default
- Ensures reasonable minimal and maximal size for individual elements
  :::

## Usage

> The grid layout is configured via the following classes. They must be set on the main element of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The grid layout is configured via the following CSS classes which must be set on the main element of your application.
```

> - `onyx-grid`: Sets up the Grid wrapper, which configures the grid layout depending on the breakpoint. Should be set on the main element of an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `onyx-grid`: Sets up the grid wrapper which configures the grid layout depending on the breakpoint. Should be set on the main element of the application.
```

> Additionally there are some optional modifier classes available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, there are some optional modifier classes available.
```

> - `onyx-grid-xl-20`: Increases the column count from 16 to 20 for the `xl` breakpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `onyx-grid-xl-20`: Increases the column count from 16 to 20 for the `xl` breakpoint (useful for 4k screens).
```

> - `onyx-grid-max-md`: Caps the width before the `lg` breakpoint
> - `onyx-grid-max-lg`: Caps the width before the `xl` breakpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `onyx-grid-max-md`: Caps the width before the `lg` breakpoint (`1440px`)
- `onyx-grid-max-lg`: Caps the width before the `xl` breakpoint (`1920px`)
```
